A Painted Christmas 
An original story of life, potential, wonder, and acceptance. 

Tree_Log, Week 1 at 1:25,
A mysterious door was found which led into a universe made of paint. 
A team tree was recovered from this strange land. 
When the tree was pulled through the door it changed into a canvas. 
After recovery, there remained an unusual quality about the canvas. 
It shimmered with a life-like quality. 

Tree_Log, Week 2 at 2:55,
Last Friday Rick had noticed that a part of the painting appeared to rustle. 
When listening carefully subtle squeaks and scratches also became audible. 
Upon further inspection a wild squirrel appeared! The squirrel ended up being very friendly. 
His name is SeQueL the Squirrel, and he has vowed to keep a watchful eye on our queries. 

Tree_Log, Week 3 at 1:11,
It appears that the Paintedverse is more connected with our world than previously imagined. 
It is almost like events from our universe get reflected within the other universe, or perhaps events there are reflected here. 
For instance, the appearance of the breathtaking moon in our universe coincided with its appearance in the Paintedverse. 
In quantum physics particles can become entangled with each other, allowing information to travel infinite distances instantly. 
Perhaps, these universes are also entangled with each other in some respect. 
First Rick mentioned a squirrel and magically it became real, and then astronomical events affecting our world also affect this world. 
What if our thoughts and actions were embedded with magic or at least with magical potential? Or maybe like the squirrel’s dinner I'm nuts. 

Tree_Log, Week 4 at 2:08, 
The Paintedverse is more wonderful than I initially realized. 
I thought I understood it, but I keep being surprised, and filled with wonder. 
See, these are not your everyday surprises, these continue to be really awesome surprises. 
These are the type of surprises which makes me wonder: What if our universe is like the paintedverse, but where the paints are quarks, leptons and bosons! What if all of this is a sort of conscious art? Though beyond their respective fabrics of these reality, there is clearly some connection beyond words which connect them. 
For instance, after the first snowfall appeared at CHS HQ on Friday, a winter wonderland appeared. 
Just as Mississippi lake started to get some ice forming, so did ice appear. 
Finally, it appears that Rudolph has figured out how to travel between dimensions, or maybe Rudolph already knew. 
In fact, maybe this is how Santa can travel to all of our houses and apartments in ways that seem strange to classical science. 
All this time I thought the paintedverse was just about creativity, but it is also about discovery. 
My recent exploration also led me to find a letter which was labeled ‘Twelve Months from Twelve Days’. 
The letter spoke of twelve universes which appears every calendar year, and it specifically mentioned something about twelve days which happen in the twelfth month. 
I wish I could be more direct, but I am still trying to understand it myself. 
The last note in the letter was really exciting! 
It said that if one can find the twelve paintedverse canvases they act as a sort of key which unlocks a special calendar featuring the Twelve Universes! Will we find them? What will they be? 
What will they reflect? 
Only Time Itself knows this answer, but perhaps if we relax and listen, we will hear the story unfold. 

Tree_Log, Week 1 at 1:11, 
I awoke, and my breath was taken away by an astonishingly beautiful sight. 
Christmas Magic has transformed the landscape recovered from the Paintedverse. 
I never knew the radiant beauty that was within. 
Every single note that was always present has now been enriched and brightened. 
The moon has been beaming love onto the landscape, and it appears this is what has led to the Christmas Magic. 
Perhaps Christmas Magic is Love. 
I do not have all the answers, but the way this landscape has been transformed has to be some form of magic. 
Christmas Magic, it is there if you believe. 
Christmas Magic, it is so simple, you will see. 
Christmas Magic, it belongs to us all. 
Christmas Magic you can feel it in your soul. 
On the First Day of December the Paintedverse gave to us, Christmas Magic Everywhere.

Tree_Log, Week 2 at 12:17, 
It appears that the two snowflakes have both become enchanted. 
I am no symbolist, but an enchanted snowflake is something pretty meaningful. 
They express vulnerability, and strength, but also depth and intricacy. 
On the Second Day of December the Paintedverse gave to us:
Two Enchanted Snowflakes, and Christmas Magic Everywhere. 

Tree_Log, Week 3 at 1:11, 
The stars have started to shine, and the sky, it's very kind. 
Though the squirrel lost his ears, he must be careful if he cannot hear. 
Still, he keeps a watchful eye, SeQueL will do his best, and he will always try. 
On the Third Day of December the Paintedverse gave to us,
a team of Shining Stars, Two Enchanted Snowflakes, and Christmas Magic Everywhere. 

Tree_Log, Week 4 at 12:24, 
SeQueL hears once again, thanks to wisdom from a friend. 
This painted power that's has been bestowed. 
While it must be shared, it also must be sowed. 
SeQueL's ears are back, and he hopes its known. 
The door to this universe would not have opened if it wasn't for what he heard. 

Tree_Log, The Fifth Day of December, 
Today I was awoken to a roaring sound. 
For it seems some Lions have come to town. 
Now sure it's odd, and sure it's strange. 
But they are here and they are free from the cage. 
Don't be afraid, for these prideful lions are filled with joy. 
These lions are clear, and they do not play coy. 
They heard about this magic; they were told the other day. 
They see it and now believe it, and now they have come to stay. 
It was the lions who played the melody which somehow unlocked this door. 
I don't know how they did it, perhaps it was their roar? 
Or maybe it was their perspective, contrasting like a lock and key. 
I don't have all the answers, I am just mutually happy to be free. 
Tree_Log, The Sixth Day of December, 
It seems unlikely visitors have appeared. 
Six birds that have flown, and now draw near. 
Usual because it seems that they have migrated north. 
I think it is because they now feel the Christmas warmth. 
This Christmas Magic warms more than just the skin. 
It also warms something, something that is deep within. 
 On the Sixth Day of December, the Paintedverse gave to us:
Six Migrating Birds, a Pride of Joyful Lions, Ears back on SeQueL, a team of Shining Stars, Two Enchanted Snowflakes, and Christmas Magic Everywhere. 

Tree_Log, The Seventh Day of December, 
Seven decorations have appeared upon the tree. 
The asymmetric pattern first seemed confusing to me. 
However, maybe that the point, sometimes not to know. 
If we knew every outcome or pattern then how could we grow. 
So, it is ok to wonder, and its ok to guess, but it also important not to just obsess. 
Life is full of surprise, and changes taken the same. 
Frankly, without risk and uncertainty, life would be kind of lame. 
On the Seven Day of December, the Paintedverse gave to us:
Seven Decorations, Six Migrating Birds, a Pride of Joyful Lions, Ears back on SeQueL, a team of Shining Stars, Two Enchanted Snowflakes, and Christmas Magic Everywhere. 

Tree_Log, The Eighth Day of December at 12:56, 
Eight snowballs appeared near SeQueL's friend the deer, If the snowballs did have meaning then why is it not clear. 
SeQueL must be careful again for all those snowballs could really hurt. 
Though he did keep his word to himself, and at least things are now overt. 
See, SeQueL use to give meaning to every random bit, now he wants reflect on this landscape which is so beautifully moonlit. 
SeQueL also does feel that he needs to relax and not to worry inside. 
After all, it is ok not to know the whole story, and to instead enjoy the ride. 
Though with that I still know that SeQueL will always wonder, how it happened, that roaring spell that he so fell under. 
For now, though SeQueL must rest his squirrelly little mind. 
Maybe he will have another dream and feel much more aligned. 
On the Eighth Day of December, the Paintedverse gave to us: Eight Snowballs, Seven Decorations, Six Migrating Birds, a Pride of Joyful Lions, Ears back on SeQueL, a team of Shining Stars, Two Enchanted, Snowflakes, and Christmas Magic Everywhere. 

Tree_Log, The Ninth Day of December at 2:28, 
Nine is a special number that people may say is just fine. 
But that is because they do not realize the true power of the number nine. 
The magic of nine created the present moments under the tree. 
Though they are wrapped up and they are shrouded in mystery. 
The fact does still remain, about what they could be. 
Though I know that are great, if we only could see. 
They are called present moments because that is really the gift, cherish those close, and do not ever feel lost or adrift. 
The universe teaches us in a very magical way, I thank you for all the lessons each and every day. 
On the Ninth Day of December, the Paintedverse gave to us:
Nine Present Moments, Eight Snowballs, Seven Decorations, Six Migrating Birds, a Pride of Joyful Lions, Ears back on SeQueL, a team of Shining Stars, Two Enchanted Snowflakes, and Christmas Magic Everywhere. 

Tree_Log, The Tenth Day of December at 1:11, 
Today on the tenth I appreciate and say, I would not have made it this far without that moon’s loving ray. 
The light that it shines reflects many lessons learned. 
Such as, if things are meant to be, I should not be concerned. 
Though it can sometimes feel like an inner battle, as we strive towards that light. 
That is because if ones try to control things too much, we might get confused with what’s right. 
There is now a star brightly lit upon this tree, I do not know what’s next, for that I can no longer foresee. 
Though heck now it is Christmas time, a time for joy and dance. 
SeQueL is just one squirrel, though one who is filled with romance. 
So, let’s remember the big picture, and celebrate this team. 
The way we all work so well together; it is something right out of a dream! On the Ninth Day of December, the Paintedverse gave to us:
A Star atop the tree, Nine Present Moments, Eight Snowballs, Seven Decorations, Six Migrating Birds, a Pride of Joyful Lions, Ears back on SeQueL, a team of Shining Stars, Two Enchanted Snowflakes, and Christmas Magic Everywhere. 

Tree_Log, A Mid-December Morning Stream, 
I felt like something strange was afoot, and I felt confused that nothing appeared on the canvas these last few days. 
As my imagination ran wild; I couldn’t help to feel concern that perhaps in the process of trying to connect the Paintedverse with this world I could have hurt the painted universe in the process? 
If this was the case then I surely had lost sight of why this universe was important in the first place. 
I decided to take a drive back to the door of the Paintedverse, and what I discovered very much surprised me. 
As I entered the painted universe, I saw the original tree before me. 
I had thought that the tree which has been growing in expression this last month was the tree that is in the Paintedverse, but was this not the case? 
If so, how could this be? I thought this canvas was the tree, and yet the original painted tree is still here. 
It seems that this tree represented something, and although it came through the door it also remained in the Paintedverse. 
I could not tell if these works of art were like partial mirrors, or something else. 
Perhaps what came through the door was something more abstract, like a feeling or a symbol which became the canvas. 
The tree was real, but was everything else painted through imagination? It was at this moment, at this realization, that the landscape shifted, from an imagination filled land of paint, to reality. 
The entire Paintedverse was realized. 
The original tree was real, and when I looked around, I saw the present moments take form. 
Every drop of paint changed, like a curtain being drawn, giving rise to now. 
This Universe, this moment, it was always here; it was always living right underneath the imaginary paint. 
Christmas time is here, and these real present moments are what it is all about. 
It is the people who make all of this real, and while some imaginary paint is good, we must also remember the reality which is here within those accents of imagination. 

Merry Christmas C.H.S. 
may these stories have connected all nine of our universes through shared art. 
The beauty of art, all forms of it, is that we give it life just by looking (or listening) to it, and it is more than bringing just one universe to life. 
Everyone experiences their own universe within the art, so in that respect, expressions of art contain an entire multiverse of life, not just one universe. 
If that much life exists hidden within the canvas, look around at the most sophisticated canvas ever to exist. 
It is the moment of now, and being in that moment is the greatest gift we can give everyone, it is also the greatest gift that we can give ourselves. 
Merry Christmas! May all your days be Joyful, and full of Peace and Happiness. 
Be good to your fellow person, and let the love warm every moment of presence and togetherness. 
The greatest gift we unwrap happens every morning when we open our eyes. 
Remember to share those moments, and hold those close to you not just in your arms, but also in your attention every time you connect.
