This book will combine right-brain creativity, along with left- brain logic. 
Concepts of various universes will be used as metaphors to better allow for insight, and reflection in regard to what is really possible within our world. 
There will be lots of whimsy alongside logic; these perspectives will work together to form something new. 
Logic is to science, as Creativity is to Art. 
The Arts and The Sciences are two sides of the same coin. 
One figures out the what, and the other figures out the how. 
Perhaps this is why our latest accomplishments and marvels are referred to as ‘The State of the Art’. 
Since, at times the left brain and the right brain may not see eye- to-eye, we will make use of multiple universes as a way to allow for various expressions of the same core concept. 
These universes may sound like very different places; however, they are more connected than you may realize. 
Shortly, I will briefly introduce the two universes in which we will be exploring. 
I have chosen to focus on these two because they compliment each other, and yet they also contrast each other. 
These two perspectives are different, but they are also the same. 
The clarity needed to become a superhero comes from understanding the similarities and differences between these two universes. 
Understanding that they are different, but also the same helps give rise to an inner respect between these two worlds. 
It can be challenging holding possibilities of seemingly countering viewpoints simultaneously, but if one can master this though inner-balance and respect then suddenly anything can become possible. 
CHAPTER ONE: GENESIS 
In recent days, individuals have emerged with what can only be described as special abilities! During their early days these individuals were completely unaware of their powers, which led a non-believing society to try and place them in a corner. 
But NOBODY puts them in a corner. 
Although unaware of it now, these individuals will not only play a key role in saving the world, but they will transform it forever. 
Such a transformation from the ordinary into the extraordinary will not occur over night, it will take time. 
After all, Every Epic story has a beginning. 
A TALE OF TWO UNIVERSES: ENTER THE MECHAVERSE 
The Mechaverse is a mechanical universe where the residents believe that everything is a mechanism of sorts. 
Like little balls interacting through strict rigid rules. 
These residents here have a very stable system, but perhaps rigid is a better word than stable. 
ENTER THE CODEDVERSE 
The Codedverse is a universe made from code where anything is possible. 
The Codedverse is also a stable system, though it had to develop over time in order to become this. 
The Codedverse system is a quantum-computer of unimaginable complexity, though it is really quite simple. 
The Codedverse is self-aware, and capable of self-adapting code. 
However, remember, that it is the code which allows for its identity. 
A processor such as this without code may be aware, but it is formless awareness without identity. 
In the Codedverse the system itself is aware, but so are the programs within it. 
In the Codedverse, Magick emerges from a deeper understanding of the nature of their reality. 
The processor of the Codedverse is reflected within all of the coded people, and as such they have some creative control. 
The same awareness which drives the system also drives them, so some of that developer-magick is within them too. 
Early versions of the Codedverse were a bit less stable. 
With no way to relate to software the residents who believed it was all hardware could not reconcile magical happenings. 
In reality, the issue was not so much the magick but the limits within their understanding of what it was. 
Those who tried to invoke this ‘magick developer mode’ needed to make sure it was done from a pure place. 
This is important because the nature of this magick comes from an understanding of the one system, which means the actions must also serve the system. 
To cast from this pure place a balance must exist and be maintained within their coded minds, and coded bodies. 
This is what aligns the magick for good. 
A spell cast for the wrong reasons would misalign the caster in a reflected way to that in which it was cast. 
Furthermore, It would also come back upon the caster in a more intense way. 
This rule of codedmagick is similar to our rule of Karma. 
Later versions of the Codedverse since evolved to hide magick. 
In fact, in the most recent version of the Codedverse people would say magick was all fiction, but you know what is funny about this? Like, do you know what is Really… Really Funny? Magick is still all around them, it permeates everything they do, everything they wonder, and every moment of their daily lives. 
In a lot of ways though, this is better because people don’t freak out anymore. 
We make scientific discoveries instead, and have the proof to back it up. 
Bugs in the implementation get peer- reviewed and corrected. 
This is much better than scripting-a- spell that may have bugs and casting it directly into production. 
Now we have a system of science to develop that magical idea into something tangible and real. 
Remember, magick here is not what we really imagined it would be. 
When they understand what this magick really is, suddenly the way in which one wants to use the magick changes. 
Here in the Codedverse, magick exists from an understanding that everything is code, and that all the residents are co-developers of the system. 
This understanding will change the way their programs consider the self. 
The self is more of a partial-reflection of the system, so when this is understood and felt the desire to cast selfish-magic fades. 
In the older versions of the Codedverse a Wizard only had to wonder about the what, and voila, your wish is the systems command. 
However, this clearly led to problems, because such a spell was like a patch, but perhaps the patch introduced new bugs ( such as witch burnings, and monsters ). 
The introduction of a Codedscience kinda saved the program here, as it was a new rule which forced wizards, now referred to as scientists to test their spells… or rather, test their theories before running them. 
Science answers the how, Art answers the what. 
∫ Grounding Back to Reality Wow, wasn’t that an exciting sprint. 
But, what does this have to do with super powers. 
EpiGenetics itself may hold the answer here. 
Science is only starting to understand the language and gene- expressions of our genetic code. 
Our genes make proteins, and proteins are little mechanisms which perform functions upon our system. 
Some genes may code for more of the protein elastin which allows our skin to stretch more for instance, just as other proteins perform other functions. 
Our DNA is vast, and only a small amount of it is currently understood. 
You could think of genes like program functions. 
In our DNA we have multiple genes which code for similar functions, a sort of redundancy. 
Based on environment, diet, and exercise, which are all influenced by our thinking, we can activate or deactivate certain genes! New understandings, lead to changes in thinking, and changes in thinking, well that is the precursor to all lifestyle changes. 
The same lifestyle changes which activate our EpiGenetic systems. 
We all have Hero genes within us, we just need to activate them through body and mind. 
Epigenetics and Psychology are two wonderful discoveries, one can free the body, and the other can free the mind. 
I am not saying that with Computer Science that we can start casting spells allowing us to fly through the air, that would be nuts. 
I am suggesting that through a better understanding of the nature of things we can all become super in our own way. 
CHAPTER TWO: DON’T LOOK BACK To paraphrase a speech relating to the human potential in terms of evolutions and the hidden powers within all of us: The Human Genome project discovered that tiny variations within our genetic code can have some pretty big effects. 
Of course, evolution takes millions of years, but what if this process started long ago. 
Combined with the potential of EpiGenetics we may be on the cusp of some astonishing potential. 
The human mind seems to create limits, and often we bound by those limits because that is what we see all around us. 
Let us take a look at something previously considered super human, which now is accepted as possible. 
The Four Minutes Mile! The four-minute mile, it was something considered impossible for a long time. 
No one could do it… until someone did. 
On May 6th, 1954 Roger Bannister broke through the barrier running that mile in 3 minutes and 59. 
4 seconds. 
Then barely a year after this accomplishment someone else was able to run it in under four minutes, and since then well over a thousand people have accomplished this. 
What the Human Mind can Conceive and Believe it shall Achieve. 
That quotation has never rung truer! Many of the limits that we think we are bound-by are imaginary. 
We just need to believe in the power within us; after we develop this belief our potential really opens up. 
However, to do this we need to accept that we are more-amazing than we think, but not in an ego driven way, but rather in a part of something bigger sort of way. 
This ‘something greater than ourselves’ can appear in many ways, it may be community, it may be spirituality, and it also may be recognizing the self within another. 
When we connect with something greater than ourselves, we are able to clearly recognize what is possible. 
Of course, sometimes things from the past can feel like they get in the way, and this can create illusions of fear. 
However, in order for a system to transform one must be able to accept that past, knowing that it had to happen as it did to bring us to where we are now. 
Letting go of the past can be hard, but it also can be simpler than a mind-with-limits makes it appear to be. 
Anger, resentment, and bitterness are common blocks to moving forward, luckily these have a simple cure. 
The cure to these blocks is forgiveness. 
Again, we are where we are now for a reason. 
Looking back is ok to help us remember why we are moving forward, but we are not meant to be stuck. 
Our eyes are on the front of our head because we are meant to look forward, and not back. 
CHAPTER THREE: ONE GIANT LEAP 
So, I suppose that you might be feeling a bit like Alice tumbling down the rabbit hole. 
Realizing that what we have been bound by no longer has to hold us down. 
When we do not re-evaluate the emotions of the past with new eyes we continue to feel them like we previously did. 
Those fears, and emotions can end up limiting us. 
Our past experiences created them to help us, but then perhaps we became trapped by them in a present where they no longer serve us. 
Like the four-minute mile limit, those roadblocks are imaginary. 
When something happens that allows us to recognize the infinite potential that exists around us, we get granted the power of change. 
At this point, as we find ourselves with the paint-brush-of- development in hand, what do we do with it? How can we be sure that our actions will help others, and not hinder them? Well, yes, there is a leap of faith involved, though more accurately it is actually a leap into faith. 
When we put ourselves out there and believe, we are also being vulnerable, however, there is strength in being vulnerable. 
When we are vulnerable that is when we can really connect. 
While it is true that embracing the potential does bring with it the possibility of being hurt, it is through that vulnerability where strength emerges. 
To walk through fire, and not get burnt, not because of some disconnecting armour but because of something deeper: mutual-faith-and-respect for each other. 
CHAPTER FOUR: BETTER HALVES 
The super power in which we will be exploring first is intuition. 
It is the basis of most of the other abilities; if one can balance this core ability then the rests will flow much more naturally. 
Within us, we have two halves that work together and give rise to our experience. 
Each half can help develop the other, and each half also helps develop itself. 
When the two halves connect, they realize that they are in this together. 
When each half succeeds, they succeed together. 
These halves are the mind and the body. 
They must respect each other, communicate with each other, and work together. 
However, for each half to recognize the needs of the other they must strive for balance. 
If either half gets out of balance, they could start acting apart instead of together. 
Luckily, they give each other continuous feedback in the forms of cues and signs. 
The body feels, and communicates through feelings. 
Feelings of hunger tell the mind to eat, feelings of sadness tell the mind to reflect on hurt, and feelings of love communicate connection. 
The mind also communicates with the body in the form of perceptions and signs we see around us. 
If the mind wants to tell the body something, you will start seeing it all around you. 
Our two halves want to connect, so it is important to listen to the feelings and signs which enter our perception. 
However, how can we know if the signs we are seeing and feeling are intuition based or imagination based? CHAPTER FIVE: NOTHING TO HIDE At the end of the last chapter, we were asked a question. 
If we have both imagination and intuition, how can one know that we are acting on intuition and not imagination? How can we know the difference between something we imagine and some deeper information that our brains are trying to tell us? To answer this, let's enter the Codedverse. 
The connection in the Codedverse makes describing this a bit more natural. 
In the Mechaverse, the residents would argue to prove how information would communicate outside of oneself, and we will consider this in depth within chapter eight. 
Briefly, while in the mechaverse describing a connection like this may feel like spooky action at a distance, however, there are experiments which support strange ideas such as these. 
When we explore this further, we will discuss the double-slit experiment, and quantum entanglement. 
For now, though, put the logic- overdrive on hold and enjoy the wonders of the codedverse, we will get more logically structured in the coming chapters. 
The Codedverse metaphor lets us accept how things are, and reminds us that the way things are does not have to bind us from way things could be. 
When connected we realize that what maybe looked like a roadblock in the Mechaverse could actually be something great. 
If we were in the Paintedverse I would quote Bob Ross here, but since we are in the Codedverse I will say that sometimes that which looks like a bug is actually a feature. 
Or in the wisdom from our universe, Everything Happens for a Reason. 
When there is nothing to hide, intuition rises, and fear based imagination fades. 
CHAPTER SIX: INNER BALANCE Meditation can calm the mind; It can allow the self to rise above the noise and confusion. 
A balance of mind brings clarity to thoughts, just as a balance of body brings clarity to feelings. 
In the codedverse, magick is a function of thought and feeling, though I prefer the term dance. 
It is more like a dance because each component is self-aware and self-adapting, not static. 
Thoughts and Feelings are aspects of life, and they work together in a respectful dance of development. 
Each part refines, discovers, and evolves alongside the other. 
When these two are in balance with each other the dance will always be beautiful. 
In order to explore maintaining balance we will borrow two systems which are from two different cultures. 
The following description is about the balance that these systems offer. 
The words may have connotations to the cultural beliefs, though please consider them more like programs designed to guide balance. 
Your beliefs are personal, these are rather implementations of those balancing systems, and are not intended to describe belief systems. 
THE BALANCED MIND The mind is about thinking and thoughts, and it follows patterns of habit like everything else. 
We will discuss the seven-pairings which can help balance the mind. 
You may notice that most of these pairings are about controlling the ‘MORE’ part of the mind. 
If we can control that hunger of our thoughts, our mind will move towards a more balanced state of harmony. 
Borrowed from Christian culture, the term of which brings the mind out of balance is referred to as ‘Sin’, and the term of that which brings the mind back towards balance is referred to as ‘Virtue’. 
Let’s not read into it anymore than that. 
Earlier we talked about forgiveness curing anger, so let's momentarily clarify what this functionally means in terms of balancing the mind. 
Wrath is considered a deadly sin, and Forgiveness is the pairing, and curing virtue. 
If a wizard, or superhero became full of wrath they would start seeing the world differently, and this would affect how they used their special abilities. 
Awareness, Understanding, and Acceptance are the components which allow for deep forgiveness. 
This is important because the past is alive within us, and unresolved past anger can create a sort of feeling-residue that may get triggered at times in the present. 
One may not even realize they started feeling that emotion, however as soon as they do feel it it starts to affect the clarity of their thoughts. 
Suddenly the past is distorting the present. 
Forgiveness is what can release the past projections wrathful grip upon the present and future. 
When that emotion is resolved it does not cloud ones presents thoughts. 
When one’s present thoughts are more clear so is there intuition. 
Remember though, we are people and as such we will always have some intuition and some imagination. 
Both are good, and both are important. 
Balance helps bring awareness, and clarity. 
Here are 7-Pairings of the Balanced Mind THE BALANCED BODY The body is about feeling, and it also has areas which can be misaligned or aligned. 
To discuss this further we will borrow the Charka system from the Hindu culture. 
Again, bear with me here, as the purpose of this is to discuss a system of balance and not any cultural beliefs. 
In this system there are seven chakras which associate to a specify parts of the body. 
These charkas can be in balance, or out of balance. 
When they are out of balance, they could be too closed, or too open. 
Depending on the state of a specific charka one may experience various feelings or occurrences within their daily lives. 
The next page will display the 7 Pairings of the Balanced Body. 
Aligning ‘Virtue’ CURES Misaligning ‘Sin’ Chastity (purity) cures and balances Lust (excessive sexual appetites) Temperance (self-restraint) cures and balances Gluttony (over-indulgence) Charity (giving) cures and balances Greed (avarice) Diligence (integrity/zeal/labour) cures and balances Sloth (laziness/idleness) Forgiveness (composure) cures and balances Wrath (anger) Kindness (admiration) cures and balances Envy (jealousy) Humility (humbleness) cures and balances Pride (vanity) Chakra Characteristics Misalignment Indicators Alignment Indictors Aligning Actions Root Survival, Grounding, Stability, Comfort and Safety - Stress about money and financial security. 
Constipation, and eating disorders You feel supported, connected, grounded and safe within your own body. 
Visualize Red Colour - Dance - Take a shower - Zen out on a walk - Take care of yourself Sacral Sensuality, Sexuality, Pleasure, Creativity, and Emotions - Constant fear or betrayal - issues expressing emotion or desire You feel empowered to take creative risks, and you embrace your sexuality - Visualize Orange - practice stillness and mindfulness - put your feelings onto paper Solar Plexus Strength, Ego, Power, Self-Esteem, and Digestion - Constant fear of rejection - an unrelenting inner critic - chronic fatigue You feel self-respect, and self-compassion - Visualize Yellow - Make friends with your inner critic - gaze into the mirror and affirm yourself Heart Love, Acceptance, Compassion, Kindness, and Peace - Constant fear of being alone - Over-loving to the point of suffocation, jealousy, and bitterness You feel joy, gratitude, love, and compassion for those around you. 
It is also easy for you to forgive others. 
Visualize Green - improve posture - write yourself a love letter - volunteer and give unconditionally Throat Communication, Expression, Honesty, Purification - Constant fear of being out of control. 
Issues expressing yourself You feel articulate, honest, and truthful yet firm. 
Visualize Blue - Sing - Communicate your goals - Sing and talk with your inner child Third Eye Intuition, Visualization, Imagination, and Clairvoyance. 
Moodiness and stubbornness - Headaches You feel focused and determined, but also open to receiving advice from others. 
Visualize Indigo - be mindful of your dreams - make a ‘I am’ list as you are now, and one as you were 10 years ago. 
Notice the differences and reflect upon how the self has grown. 
Crown Knowledge
Fulfillment
Spirituality
Self- Realization
Constant fear of alienation
Analysis Paralysis
Rigid thinking
You feel and have an unshakable trust in your inner guidance. 
Visualize Violet
Learn your cycles and routines
Cultivate feelings of awe
Be of service to the whole
Page 16 CHAPTER SEVEN: INTUITION AND APTITUDE 
So far, we have discussed intuition in a way that the residence of the codedverse could understand. 
In the codedverse they are all part of the same system, and as such everything and everyone is connected. 
As a coded person aligns with the system, they can start to distinguish the differences between imagination and intuition. 
However, in order to focus and receive intuitive insight one much work on an inner balance between body and mind. 
Next we will discuss how this intuition can be focused towards aptitude allowing one to be great at anything they set their mind towards. 
However, before I reveal how this works… I need to present a warning. 
The balance of body allows for these gifts, and a balance of mind ensure that they are used properly. 
It is the balance of mind which helps one see clearly. 
We all have blindspots, parts that we cannot see. 
Someone unaware of their blindspots may be acting out of alignment while thinking they are acting correctly. 
This can lead to frustrations, anger, bitterness and potential villain-like behaviour. 
Earlier we talked about better halves, specifically how body and mind keep an eye on each other, and help each other. 
Well, this concept is reflected beyond just the internal; it is important also important with the external. 
Just like the contrasting and complimenting mind and body guide each other, so also can people. 
We are people, and everyone is different. 
Which is why complementing and contrasting individuals who can see things in similar ways is so important. 
Everyone speaks their own language in their own way, but when people can speak each others languages, that is when transformation can occur. 
The reason this can happen is because they can get though to each other. 
Transformation occurs because they reach each other. 
To use an analogy, each eye has a blindspot, however, together they fill in each others gaps and the result is not only a full and complete visual field, but vision transformed by depth. 
Superheroes help maintain the goodness within other Superheroes. 
The reasons that this balance is so important, is that it helps the Heroes stay grounded. 
Without proper grounding a super power like intuitive aptitude could form an insatiable hunger. 
Connection to others helps the hero remember why they are here, and what is truly important. 
Proper grounding is important before exploring intuitive aptitude. 
Just because you have the ability to figure something out, does not mean you should. 
Respect must be properly developed as it is about the only thing that can shield and calm a mind that is wanting to know more. 
Sometimes we can know and find out, but other times we must embrace and accept what is unknown. 
If you find yourself in reasonable balance with a respect for knowledge, a respect for others, and a respect for yourself than please continue; however, if you at all feel overwhelmed than remember that we are talking from a fictional lens of the codedverse. 
When mind and body become balanced we gain a clearer insight into intuition. 
A balance between two perspective is the key. 
In fact, this universal truth can be reflected into many ‘types’ of ‘parts’. 
Any part of focus can gain intuition by practicing balance. 
Listen to that drum beat, hear the rhythm and feel its movements. 
Balance desire and expectations and let the drum guide you. 
Now we are able to drum within the rhythm. 
Now, listen more carefully and hear the other instruments. 
Every piece has its part, working in balance with another. 
Now, hear the symphony as one. 
Every part working in balance like unit-tested computer functions, and now all the functions working together giving rise to the whole program itself. 
Through the same process of intuition, we can enhance our aptitude. 
Whether it be for music, coding, sports, or virtually anything else, though balance our understanding and skill can be developed through intuition. 
The Codedverse sounds like quite the place, right? We got magick, superpower like clairvoyance, intuitive skills, and connection between people such as telepathy. 
However, this is surely creative whimsy, this stuff couldn’t really exist right? I cannot answer that. 
However, if we could find support within the mechaverse then maybe the possibility would be something that could be scientifically explored further. 
From that, maybe we will find those answers. 
CHAPTER EIGHT: THE MECHAVERSE CONNECTION 
This is been an exciting century within the Mechaverse! See, they use to have a more rigid mechanical view, something about everything being made up of little tiny balls. 
The balls would make more complex stuff, and that would make everything else. 
However, it was a very machine logic. 
There was on or off and no in-between… that was until a new mechanism of a realm previously hidden by scale appeared. 
I am referring to The Quantum World! New experiments clearly have indicated to the mechaverse that they had been living in an outdated view of reality. 
One experiment which made those scientists get puzzled is something known as the double slit experiment. 
THE DOUBLE SLIT EXPERIMENT The science previously saw their world surrounded by little balls, but between planets there were no balls, just a vacuum. 
So, what is light, and what is electricity? What is a photon, and what is an electron? Well in this earlier version of the mechaverse they said that they are little balls. 
That is how they can travel through the vacuum of space; they are little things. 
But, when the photon arrives and can travel through solid glass, how? Well, it must be like a water wave, making the other material vibrate, similar to how sound travels. 
That must be how it does it!? But, wait it cannot be a vibration because there is nothing in space to vibrate. 
Hmm. 
The Mechavese people are pretty ingenious, and decided to make an experiment to find out! To test it they had a device which would shoot a ray of electrons, and they pointed it at two slits. 
Everything was covered, but there were two openings (slits) that were not. 
They figured, if the electronic is a particle it must go through one or the other, so we would see a pattern on the wall behind that looked like two vertical lines. 
Whereas, if the electron was a something vibrating those vibrations would interfere with each other, like how water waves interfere with each other. 
Producing an interference pattern instead of two slits. 
They ran the experiment, and observed the interference pattern. 
Ah Hah, they must be vibrations! But the scientists were left confused. 
How could it be a vibration, so they tried again. 
Perhaps that ray of electrons made them bump into each other making that pattern, so let’s try it one electron at a time. 
The results were the same, an interference pattern. 
Must it be a wave then? Some scientists were still not convinced, so they decided to put a little measuring decide near the slits so they could observe what actually happened. 
This is where some mechaverse residents filled with awe. 
They were in awe because it was supporting evidence that their reality was more interesting than they ever could have imagined. 
When they observed the slits, the pattern on the back wall no longer was an interference pattern, but rather two slits appeared. 
Literally the act of observing it, changed how the particles behaved. 
Almost like the matter itself was aware that it was being observed. 
But that doesn’t make sense as mathematically it would imply that before observation the electrons went through the left slit, it went through the right slit, and it also went though neither slit, and yet during observation it behaved in a classical way. 
How could this be? It seems that a least a degree of the material world only exists as we know it when it is being observed. 
Before being observed it is just a wave of potential information, the material world as we know it appears to get rendered upon observation. 
But, that sounds more like a codedverse. 
However, this is the Mechaverse so it can’t be that. 
Since the Mechaverse had to make sense of this it was able to discover a new branch of physics. 
Quantum Physics allowed the mechaverse to get free’d from its previous rigid view. 
It is still more rigid than the coded verse, but the concepts from quantum physic really open up possibility. 
The last quantum mechanic we will discuss is something known as quantum entanglement, and it is how these superpower could still exist in a Mechaverse. 
Einstein described entanglement as ‘Spooky Action at a Distance’. 
When two particles become entangle with each other something changes within both of them. 
They somehow become linked in a way that is beyond words. 
Two entangled particles can communicate regardless of the distance between them. 
When the spin of one particle is changed through measurement, the other entangled particles spin changes instantly. 
Here is a clearer example of how this works classically, first with a goofy example. 
If you go to Tim Hortons and order a coffee and a tea, and receive two unmarked cups. 
Technically these unmarked cups are entangled, as soon as you measure one by taking a sip you know something about the other one. 
If this is a coffee, then that is a tea. 
With quantum physics though it is stranger due to super position. 
So, in the double slit experiment before the electron’s positions were measured they existed in something called super position. 
This is why the math described them as experiencing all the possibilities (left slit, right slit, and neither slit all at once). 
When electrons become entangled, they exist in a mutual super position with each other. 
This now gets spookier than the Tim Hortons analogy because with electrons the way you measure the spin affects how it spins. 
The math gets crazy here, so let’s not go too much further down this rabbit hole. 
Particles become entangled when they are generated, interact, or share spacial proximity in such a way that their quantum state can no longer be described independently of the others. 
If two particles become entangled, they can then travel to wherever, and they still will remain entangled. 
That is the information measured by one of the particles shares information about the other particle. 
Furthermore, extensive physics experiments have determined that this information is not some hidden information that was known by the particles earlier, somehow new information is being communicated seemingly faster than the speed of light regardless of the distance between them. 
For more information on this topic, please refer to the links in the Further Exploring section at the end of this book. 
Somehow these bodies became entangled, and it allows them to communicate even when they were far apart. 
Changes to one would get reflected in the other. 
These kindred particles connected and remain connected in an extraordinary way. 
Of course, we are talking about particles and their spin, however, the concept is almost like particle-telepathy. 
Connected particles such as these affect each other, and communicate across distances. 
If connectedness like this exists it shows that there is more to reality than we may realize. 
If some form of telepathy could exist, what would that be like? Would it be thought-communication or would it be something more subtle, like feelings we receive. 
Perhaps those strange feelings which make us think of another, or even maybe those strong emotions we feel seemingly out of the blue perhaps those are a result of some real life entanglement between people. 
While these are more questions in which we do not have the answer, these experiments do give support to the idea of a more connected reality than we previously knew. 
In a possibility of such a connected reality, it means that some those unexplainable feelings we experience may not just be imagination, they might in fact be intuition. 
CHAPTER NINE: TWO UNIVERSES IN ONE In this volume we have discussed a lot of ideas. 
We discussed and explored them through two unique lens, one lens of the connected codedverse, and one through a mechanical mechaverse. 
Though, which universe is the real universe? Is the real universe code, or is the real universe a machine? Well, those are not things that I can answer. 
However, like wave- particle duality, perhaps we are thinking about it incorrectly. 
What if this question is a false dichotomy also, where it is neither the codedverse or the mechaverse, and yet is also somehow both. 
The most amazing thing about our universe is that we do not know. 
The power comes from holding these two perspectives and leaning how to accept that they both might be right. 
Like how Quantum Physics emerged from the wave-particle duality challenge, so might a new understanding of our world emerge through the codedverse-mechaverse duality challenge. 
It is a lot easier to say, we live fully in a spiritual world, or we live fully in a mechanical world, but true understanding takes work and does not have a simple solution. 
However, luckily, we do not need to answer all of life’s questions to appreciate the wonders. 
Whatever we are, we are so much more than we are told we are. 
When we connect, and help each other maintain balance we become super. 
Then just by being super together, so do others observe and also start becoming super in their own way also. 
’To Thine Self Be True’ is the mantra of connection. 
Connection with the self reflects in connection with others. 
Like entangled particles, we reflect one another. 
The image we share within that reflection is our strength and our courage. 
BONUS - DISTINGUISHING ANXIETY FROM INTUITION 
Anxiety comes from fear whereas intuition comes from love. 
Regardless of our state of balance there is a tip which can help one recognize if what they are feeling is anxiety or intuition. 
Anxiety stems from fear and uncertainty and it appears in the form of incomplete thoughts, what ifs, and worries. 
Though, intuition comes through as clear guidance with no hint of doubt or worry. 
It is like glimpsing clarity, and when in this state worry fades. 
Intuition is to Connection, as Anxiety is to Disconnection. 
Anxiety tries to figure it all out now, whereas Intuition knows that what will be will be, and what that is will be good. 
AFTERWORD 
Thank-you for reading this book. 
I sincerely hoped that you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. 
We had some ground topics, and some out their topics, and a lot of wonder in between. 
The purpose of this was to help you realize that you are special. 
You, the reader, have that magical quantum energy within. 
When we connect, and reflect with balance what we can accomplish is unbounded. 
Unleash the SuperHero within because it so wants to be free’d! 
