The Painted Mirror Episode 1, Trapped within the Nexus. 
Saturday, November 12th I returned to the Nexus between universes. 
I saw the familiar doors to various worlds, such as the Codedverse, and the Painted verse. 
I also noticed several new doors too, one with gears on the door entitled ‘The Mechaverse’, one with theatre masks on the door entitled ‘The Emotionverse’, not to mention doors to Halloween Land, and Christmas Town. 
I regained focus, and approached the door to the universe made of paint. 
However, when I tried to open the door once again, it was locked. 
I felt confused because just moments ago I saw animals effortlessly moving between these realms. 
However, the door wouldn’t open. 
Was this some inverted dream, some Nightmare Before Christmas? As I thought this, I felt a deep sadness, which for a moment turned into frustration. 
But, regardless of what I felt, I realized that the harder I tried to open the door the less real it became, until it changed back into mere dots and lines; now just a simple drawing… In fact all the doors changed back into drawings. 
This brought me to my knees as the ambient light faded. 
I no longer could see the doors, nor the path home. 
As I wept, the remaining light started to cast strange shadows of various animal forms. 
I could not make sense of what I was seeing, but it all became clear when I heard the sound of a Phoenix. 
These were silhouettes of those that I tried to heal, but could not reach, and had to walk away for my own well-being. 
As I accepted this, the shadows faded, and I found myself surround by several wolves now almost fully cloaked in the darkness of night. 
I felt paralyzed as my fear reached new levels. 
However, suddenly I saw a familiar glow. 
As I looked into the light my fears calmed and instead, I was overcome by a serene feeling. 
It was the deer from last season, whose light illuminated two more somehow familiar cats; an Egyptian Siamese, and a Lynx Point. 
It was at this moment I knew that the wolves, along with the other animals were all friends. 
The reconnection with everyone brought strength; I no longer was afraid. 
As my fears resolved a small wolf approached me with a painted mirror in his mouth. 
He then spoke and said, "Blank Canvases come in many forms, and even the trees grow in the darkness of night. 
Nurture this canvas, remember what you have learned, and see what forms. 
Before the animals returned to their respective worlds, I expressed my gratitude, but I also had to ask: "How can I find my way back home? I can't see in the dark, and right now I feel so lost. 
Suddenly a voice from within said, "You are never lost, it may feel like such, but that is just until you find yourself found. 
Open your ears, and you will find the path home. 
Even if you cannot see the way, you can surely hear it. " 

The Painted Mirror Episode 2, Just because I cannot see it doesn’t mean I can’t Believe it. 
In the darkness of night, I found myself with a painted mirror in hand. 
I had been told to open my ears and listen for the pathway home. 
But as I tried to listen, I seemed to only hear my own echo's. 
The twilight only let me see enough ground to put one foot in front of the other, but without direction it wasn’t getting me too far. 
In fact, for all I knew I was just going in circles. 
I tried my best to not become discouraged, and to keep believing, but without sight I was afraid of moving forward. 
After all what if forward was backward, up ways, down ways or sideways. 
As I thought this my mind started to race, as my thoughts branched towards uncountable possibilities. 
My body was anxious, as I entertained this madness. 
‘Remember what you have learned’, a voiced echoed in the distance. 
I started to gasp as I struggled to calm my being. 
However, my body lightened when I recognized that by allowing my thoughts to loop and reoccur without considering time, I was effectively paralyzing myself. 
I trust what I was told with my entire soul; I know that if I open my ears, I will find the way home, so was this paralysis and eternal branching of thoughts actually caused by doubt? No, I exclaimed! The only doubt is that from the feedback of trying to read the universes mind as I know it tries to read mind. 
When I stopped trying to spoil the story, I realized I just heard a voice echoed in the distance, I should follow the echo. 
So, I ran as fast, though thoughtfully as I could towards the voice. 
I approached the voice, though with such little light I could only see a vague plaid figure pattern. 
But I recognized the outfit, so I shouted. 
‘Hunter, you’re a hunter, right? Can you help me? I am lost in the Nexus. 
’ The figure replied, ‘Hunter… I’m no hunter, not anymore, and frankly I never really was one to begin with. 
How could anyone hurt these animals, these animals are precious! I am the guardian of the Nexus, and until I can trust you, you can stay lost’ Surely, calling the guardian Hunter caused deep offence. 
While I did not mean this, I accepted the emotion being felt. 
While accepting I still pleaded with the Guardian of the Nexus, trying to help them understand. 
‘I am very sorry, and certainly did not mean to offend you. 
I thought that pattern meant that, so I made an assumption. 
I was wrong to assume; I too love these animals so much. 
But if you don’t trust me then surely these words carry no value. 
’ As a tear rolled down my face, I turned away. 
I could not let anyone see these emotions, not even a stranger. 
‘Now why in tarnation's would you turn back now? Why would my tone make you buckle. 
You need to toughen the duck up friend and to stop hiding you. 
Charm must be balanced with Firmness, otherwise you are just speaking in mirages. 
Who the heck was this figure? The way they were addressing me made it seem like they knew me more than I was aware. 
Guardian, with all due respect, I am lost, and I already feel like the path has abandoned me, so forgive me if you think I am merely dancing on eggs shells and echoing you. 
I saw something miraculous and now only see night. 
All I wanted to do was to save this world, and together to create something great. 
So, if you think I don’t care about these animals, this place or you then you do not know me at all! 
I know you are protecting this place, but you also need to keep faith. 
Don’t let walls be placed where doors should be formed’. 
The Guardian smiled, and said: ‘You have passed more tests than you realize. 
You still have more work in front of you, but perhaps now is the time to gaze beyond your reflection. 
What you hold in your hands is more than just a painted mirror, it is also a window. 
It will reflect what you need to learn, but also will it show you glimpses into others worlds, worlds beyond this place, space, and time. 
As I listened and gazed into the painted mirror, I saw the reflected darkness, but then as I looked through the mirror, I saw something appear. 
It was showing me somewhere else. 
Wherever it was it was snowing and it seemed like each snowflake was sharing a snippet of code. 
While I could not understand each message, collectively through abstraction I could feel this world that I was being shown. 
Instead of thinking a million overwhelming branching thoughts, I was able to instead feel it with clarity. 
Although so much was going on, I could see a tree starting to form. As the snow covered the scene. 
The tree clearly represented growth, strength, and endurance in what otherwise felt like a storm. 
I suddenly blinked, as for a moment I recognized reflections. 
My body was tense, and I really did not know what I just experienced. 
As I breathed deeply, I noticed that the painted mirror clearly was showing the symbol from the passage home, the tree. 
I thanked the Guardian for the tough love, and exclaimed that the doorway, the tree appeared had appeared again. 
To which the words were uttered, the door was always there, you just couldn’t see it. 
As you continue your journey you must believe in yourself, and utilize your senses. 
Just because you cannot see it, doesn’t mean you can’t believe it. 
This world belongs to everyone, show you care and will not run, shed those fears and ask them now, I promise, it will mean a tonne. 
With that the figure disappeared into the night. 
The painted mirror reflected the twilight as the tree upon canvas began to illuminate. 
While I still could not see, I remembered what the Guardian told me, and tried to imagine something I couldn’t see but knew was real. 
Something was different now, something started to sound a lot like Christmas. 

The Painted Mirror Episode 3, The Penguin and The Christmas Cloak of Self. 
A journey of a thousand miles had started with a single step, and while it seemed pretty far, I continued walking as there was no other way! 
Perhaps sometimes you have to experience the other side of the coin to understand, as what once seemed so complicated now was rather clear. 
There actually was music drifting through the air; Invisible but everywhere, and although the tune was faint and felt a bit flat, it was there! 
And, boy did it bring much comfort and joy. 
It sounded wonderful exactly how it was! 
My inner critic started to suggest that a tune for sore ears to the deaf of course would sound majestic. 
Oh, Fuddle Duddle, I sneered back. 
This criticism is clearly powered by fear. 
With those fears dispelled, it was clear that I had just been too close to hear the tune ahead of me. 
I started to run towards this beautiful music, however a thousand miles is pretty far. 
I knew I should walk, but I was so eager and persistent that I didn’t realize my own energy as it started to get low. 
I collapsed onto the ground, and started to shiver as I also recognized the coldness of night. 
Everything around now felt cold, which surely meant it was me who was cold. 
While I could not give up, I did realize that I had to rest. 
But I was worried to rest, as I now could see my breath and body started to ice up. 
As I became numb my eyes started to slowly close. 
Though before I lost awareness of The Nexus, I felt a swift poke. 
This made me wake back up with enough energy to see what had just happened. 
All of that forming ice suddenly melted as I saw the most amazing Christmas Penguin beside me, complete with rosy cheeks and a Santa hat. 
I waved, as did the penguin. 
I leaned towards the Penguin as the Penguin leaned towards me. 
For a moment I thought this Penguin was some sort of Shy Guy, like from Mario and Link’s Awakening. 
A character who was just Mirroring my moves. 
But, as I looked into the Penguin’s eyes, I realized that this was no shy guy. 
In fact, I recognized these eyes, was this penguin a reflection of myself? 
Clearly, not a perfect reflection though because the Penguin was quiet, and did not speak. 
Hello friend, aren’t you just the coolest. 
Well, you may be cool, but I'm cold. 
I know the way, but I'm also spent, I drained my energy running when I instead should have been patient and walked with consistency. 
' The Penguin looked at me in a way that communicated clear understanding. 
The Penguin then reached out their fin towards the painted mirror. 
As I redirected my attention towards the painted mirror, I noticed that the penguin’s reflection was also present within the mirror. 
The Penguin then did something that I never in a thousand years would have expected, they reached through the canvas into the reflection itself. 
I guess I shouldn’t have been surprised, as I already knew that animals were different, and could effortlessly move between realms. 
Suddenly, The Penguin started to glow, as did their mirror image. 
Both reflections were being pulled together as a new strength connected and formed. 
The part of the energy that came out of the mirror transformed the Penguin into a living cloak that was able to move freely at will. 
The Christmas Penguin Cloak drew near, and covered me fully. 
I felt such warmth envelop myself from within, my stamina and endurance also had been miraculously renewed as I could feel the care all around. 
I was the Penguin, well, I also was not, we were the same but also different, while we were mirror images apart, together The Penguin and I felt whole. 
As I started to move forward again, I felt the cloak tap my belly. 
This compelled me to glide onward, and glide I did! Thanks to my inner Penguin, I was granted the ability to glide towards the music naturally through sheer momentum. 
Finally whole, I was on my way home. 
Suddenly a thousand miles didn’t seem so far, I didn’t need planes, and trains and cars, I just needed to reconnect with my inner penguin to realize the world was not really that cold after all. 

The Painted Mirror Episode 4, Where sounds come to light, and light comes to sound. 
Now connected with my inner penguin, as I continued gliding towards the music, I noticed that I could see and hear differently than before. 
It was as if there was a whole subtle world that was previously unknown to me. 
This new awareness brought clarity to everything. 
We live in a world of communication, of information. 
Our senses, such as sound and sight represented types information. 
While I do not know how this connection and understand formed, it allowed for a wondrous blending of perceptions, where sounds came to light, and light came to sound. 
Was I somehow seeing with my ears? For as I continued gliding towards the music each note illuminated the sky. 
While I heard the music before, now I could see the music; I could feel the music. 
As I approached this beautiful melody, I saw the most spectacular Christmas Tree that I had ever seen in my life. 
It seemed to sparkle a different colour as each unique note was sung. 
My attention though was drawn to the purple B notes, and the yellow E notes which were holding the weight of a flat symbolic. 
The song sounded perfect, so why did this look out of place? 
As I kept gliding forward, I realized that I had expected a door, but this wasn’t a door, it was a tree. 
Ah, what if the tree was an illusion, and it was actually a door. 
So, I continued to glide towards the tree. 
* BAM * Ouch, omg, I was wrong, It was real, it was a tree. 
I was grateful that I didn’t break anything, but am I ever sore. 
As I stood back up, and looked at the tree I realized that I could see the sheet music above. 
There was a treble clef and a time signature along with the now visible notes, but another signature was missing; The key was not present. 
I’ve traveled so far, and although things were real again, I felt like I was somehow back where I started as without the key the door wouldn’t open. 
Though, now I caught myself thinking and responding instead of just mindlessly reacting. 
Persistently trying to open a door that had been locked is what got me stuck in the first place. 
If it didn’t open then, and it didn’t open when I glided face first into the branches then maybe it was not meant for me. 
I knew I couldn’t turn back, But I also knew I couldn’t move continue, so instead I sat down. 
Maybe I am supposed to be here, right now, in this exact moment. 
And whatever happens, at least I get to hear this beautiful song. 
Time went by and although I maybe seemed stuck, I no longer was lost. 
Instead, I felt peace, and I was finally able to rest. 
The connection with my inner penguin made me feel safe, and being this near the tree made me feel home. 
I was happy to simply watch this magical tree, knowing that every morning after I woke, I would get to hear that oh so beautiful song. 
There was something in the songs voice that sung with such clear tones of expression. 
Even if I was stuck here forever, I knew I would be ok; simply hearing the trees song and seeing its light was everything. 
Even this was beyond my wildest dreams. 
Thank-you, I quietly said under my breath. 
Tears ran down my face again, but this time they were tears of joy. 
I had been filled with so much Grace that I didn’t even look down. 
That is until I felt something touch my sole. 
As I looked and lifted my foot, I noticed that there was a paintbrush, glowing with magic. 
One year ago, I had become scared to reach for any magical instrument because of the truth within the magic. 
The truth is, we are all connected; as above, so below, as within, so without, this is how the miracles of the one are performed. 
Though magic must always be cast with the purest of heart, otherwise lessons would invert back at you ten-fold. 
Magic must speak from a place of love, and not from fear. 
This thought caused me to daydream about an audition last year. 
I had been so ready, but then I cancelled. 
That decision came from fear, and I had beaten myself about ever since. 
Back then I released the magical arts because I was scared. 
As I came back to reality, I realized that I was no longer afraid. 
Now when I reached towards the magic brush, the magic brush gravitated back towards me. 
As I held up the magic paintbrush, I saw a pallet of paint appear in front. 
It contained the painted primary colours, red, blue and yellow. 
Again, I noticed those unique notes bearing the weight of a flat symbolic. 
My vision grew clear, as I realized that if they had the key, they wouldn’t feel flat. 
In front of me, with the magic paint brush I blended the red and the blue to form purple. 
I reached with the brush and drew two circles on the ground, one purple and one yellow. 
Suddenly the ground resonated as the full circles rose into the air and danced together. 
During their dance something new formed, something that started to look like a heart that had opened up. 
Was an open heart the missing key? 
As I reflected, memories of joy poured out of me which caused the yellow and the purple parts to form the missing key signature. 
As their signatures were written, the notes that had to bear that flat symbolic suddenly became lighter. 
The tree now sung with spirit, like a once caged bird that now was free. 
With this, everything started to glow as a star reached down from the heavens and crowned the tree. 
The tree was whole, as it continued to shine with all its love that was once reserved within. 
As the light became gold and bright, I could hear the wind whisper, saying thank-you tonight. 
The door was finally open, and all I had to do was walk through, but before I could echoed a voice that I knew. 
The Guardian of Nexus once again spoke to me. 
Your act today has demonstrated character; those notes were never flat, they were just misunderstood. 
You have given them the key. 
If you are ready, you may return home. 
However, remember that everything exists in a duality, energy, our emotions, and even the universes. 
When you enter you must do so from a place of Love, otherwise you will not arrive where you expect. 
Every universe has a mirror, and it is your heart alongside your head that will be your compass. 
Now, are you ready to decide? Yes, I exclaimed. 
Love is the only path; Love is what we must save. 
What you love you empower, and true, also what you fear you empower. 
I must choose love for it's what you empower that you manifest. 
I am ready I once again thanked The Guardian for all their challenges and guidance along the way. 
I knew it was time to walk my own path ahead. 
With that, I held onto all the love within, and walked into the portal of golden light. 

The Painted Mirror Episode 5, Musical Reflections within the Mirror. 
As I entered the portal, I saw myself moving between there and here, although I was traveling alone, I felt some presence and I noticed something strange. 
When I gazed into the painted mirror, I noticed a mirror image of myself. 
It seems that people also exist within duality. 
The sphere of us contains mirroring hemispheres each expressing a similar yet unique mind. 
Many times, in life, one part of us can become dominate while the other gets suppressed. 
Order does require leaders, but not controllers. 
With cooperative leadership, both minds get to take turns expressing themselves. 
In the past my left brain was dominate, and without creative expression I only felt partially happy. 
Other times my creative right brain would speak only to be shut down as it was not logically understood. 
See, Logic and Emotions are inner-languages; knowing if the expression is a ‘thinky thought’ or a ‘feely thought’ lets us know how to relate and communicate clearly. 
My previously hidden inner penguin represented my creative self: quiet, organized, spiritual, and feeling, though sometimes appearing to act impulsive, scattered, or squirrelly, at least from a logical’s perspective. 
Our creative side thinks more free-associatively and metaphorically. 
My inner-penguin was the personification of my emotion driven right brain. 
From this connected perspective, I could look at my logical self through the eyes of my inner penguin. 
As I looked, the form of a dolphin echoed. 
When I only knew one, I really knew none, but through perspective thinking I could now understand what felt like a new dimension of mind. 
My now recognized inner dolphin represented my logical self; vocalized, confident, and accomplished, yet very time focused, mechanical, and sometimes cold. 
When these reflections are working together as one, anything is possible. 
Alone, neither mirror images of the self will hear clearly, but together they bring balance and harmony to the total self. 
As I continued traveling, I noticed that the passage between there and here was very unique. 
Time, Space and Understanding now presented themselves in the simplest expression. 
Suddenly, I heard a voice, Don't forget to look around, focusing is a trade-off, you gain the focus of one, but you also lose awareness of the rest of the world. 
Ho Ho Ho, it was Santa. 
Santa thanked me for being more direct with myself, but said to remember… to look at time. 
Remember your Christmas Past, your Christmas Present and consider your Christmas’ yet to come; for this connected path is the story of your life. 
Do you understand what I am trying to tell you? 
I didn’t think so, Here let me speak it to you through two languages; listen together with both your dolphin and penguin perspectives. 
Realize the story of your life, awaken your spirits and forgive. 
Manifest the love that you clearly want to live. 
You almost had your shot at love, until obsession made you hide. 
Now's the chance to live with heart, to live the life your fears denied. 
Now is the time, a revision of your life, Always chase your dream in the story of your life. 
Make sure to believe in yourself though, while still enjoy the chase, do this to allow the universe's peace to come to place. 
But, now I think I've said enough, for words are easy just to say. 
What really speaks louder is your actions, they are always communicating each and every day. 
Oh, my goodness, Santa, I loved your song! and, I think I understand now. 
But I do have one question, Can I sing too? Ho Ho Hold your horses, we have more story arc first, also next time don’t ask, simply leap into verse. 
After Santa’s Wrap, In front of me I saw the story of my life. 
I not only saw the good, but I also saw the things I had hidden from myself. 
I had distorted my past so much, and realizing what others had seen was difficult to accept. 
Although, I would speak truths, I also had painted misleading pictures. 
Finally, I would see it through their eyes, to change how I saw it. 
I could not believe that I had been so ignorant of my darkness. 
No wonder why things had stopped feeling real, I denied my darkness, and without that, light had no context, more duality. 
How could I have allowed myself to become so confused, no wonder why I felt misunderstood, I hadn’t even let me see myself. 
If one wants to live in the real world, the light and the dark must ground each other through understanding and reflection. 
Like the yin-yang, there is light within the dark, just as there is dark within the light. 
The contrast defines and reflects each other. 
I no longer could let myself only see partially, otherwise I’d still unknowingly cause hurt. 
I saw moments where everyone was hurt, and yet I acted like nothing happened. 
This selective memory distortion pattern had been recognized, and so I had to train myself to catch it. 
During tough moments, it is better to hurt someone honestly, than to mislead them through a misdirection, as that would just lead to more hurt down the road. 
The more I accepted my darkness, the more I became aware of the light. 
This finally allowed me to clearly see all the good, all of the amends, and the continual progress. 
Before accepting this inner duality, I’d discount the good in order to punish myself. 
I guess good and bad is not a simple black and white, makes sense, after all, we live in a world of colour, thanks to sight. 
as long as you live within your values, and always try your best, you can be promised, that in the end you’ll pass the test. 
A familiar tune spoke to me; It was an everyday decision, Sometimes two steps forward and one step back, but as long as you try to do what’s right then you know you are on the right track. 
Simply by being yourself, you will make your splash onto the world’s lake, Even if we can’t change the world, perhaps what can is the ripples that we make. 
As I better remembered who I was, I saw Christmas present branch into many potential Christmas’ yet to come. 
Before, seeing such branching of what is yet to come would lead to overwhelming feelings of uncertainty. 
Uncertainty like this use to scare me, and that fear would leave me wound up as I spiralled while trying to tried to everything hold in control, but ya know, it is ok to lighten your grip for the universe has a plan. 
We are each unique and partial reflections of this world. 
We are to it as it is to us, though we are not it and it is not us. 
Everything in this space and time now clarified even further. 
It was clear that we were fractals, like snowflakes. 
Created by a simple ongoing process, driven through a feedback loop. 
The recipe of life, something infinitely simple into something infinitely complex. 
Ho Ho Ho Said Santa, while I hear you, your logic is a little dry; Try spicing this up with spirit and then maybe I’ll better understand why. 
*this is your big moment to sing, jump into verse, remember? 
Oh, Santa, I'm feeling a bit on the spot right now. 
Though, I am happy however this turns out. 
So, I will leap into faith, with a smile that's sincere, for if I listen to both my inner minds, I'll feel secure, while I don't know the notes, maybe I can just play it by ear. 
Here goes: The further you look the more you see, discovery and are creation together yet free. 
Unbounded by rules, yet tethered the same, if we understood this, then world would tame. 
The source is consciousness, Thoughts are the code, and matter, well it's a process, an ongoing Ode. 
Now what is consciousness, wait no, come on, the point's, the point's not to know. 
Though we are entitled to wonder, We can even invent, dream-up and create. 
Like, what if some spark invested their soul. 
Long ago gave sacrifice, so that the universe could heal and be whole. 
Though this sort of thinking can be like a blinding light, but that is because accepting it, puts the world’s knowledge in sight. 
I knew this infinite truth could not be forgot, so perhaps there was a way for this information to be taught. 
So, I waved the paintbrush, and casted an anchoring spell. 
To contained all the information needed to teach the world well. 
With the logic and knowledge now in the form of The BOOK, what remained was Emotion; It was the purest magical hook. 
See the magic never came from a symbol, a script, or a wand, Nor did it come from anything akin. 
Really, all that magic, it came from within. 
With this knowledge in hand, time became clear, its echoed iterations were evolution, an agile mirror. 
See, A lot of the time you don't register the important moments of your life as they happen, you only see that they were important when you look back and reflect. 
While in this reflected mirror state so many memories raced through my mind, there was so much love and joy, but also so much hurt and pain. 
If I wasn’t aware of my emotions, my emotions could control me, but with awareness logic and emotion can develop together. 
With inner unconditional love, I didn’t have to be afraid if I thought I errored, because I knew the universe would understand. 
The universe loves us, it loves all of us, and us all. 
When we feel this love we will always stand tall. 
Frame by frame, I then saw what lead to The Nexus. 
I saw my logical defences overlooking reaching emotion. 
I had been so arrogant, then even when I was wrong, I had to be right. 
Holy duck, maybe it was all about dispelling fear and channeling love. 
For, from a place of love it is not about who is right, it’s about connection, togetherness and embracing the light. 
With this, I saw myself arriving home, but was this where I was expected to be? 
I ran down the street as fast as I could and embraced the unknown. 
What would I hear, what would I find, Was I now home, or was I still within a reflection of mind. 

The Painted Mirror Episode 6, Harmony is in Balance.
As I arrived, I found myself running down the street, moving as fast as I could towards the unknown. 
Although I didn’t know what I would find, I realized that I was feeling a new kind of inner harmony, a balance that previously had alluded me for as long as I could remember. 
While I continued to run, I remembered what had happened within the reflection, when I allowed unchecked drive to be my sole driver. 
See, drive alone will not bring happiness nor fulfilment; Harmony such as these require several centres of balance, some within others and some within the self. 
We need to not only care for others, but we must also care for the self as a whole. 
After all, my energy is just as important as your energy. 
In fact, if one didn’t care for their total self, then how could they be expected to properly care for anyone in a consistent manner. 
Especially within this moment, I knew that I had to conserve my energy. 
For I was not sure what tests of strength could follow, so I had to keep a calm cadence as I pressed forward. 
Recognizing that one’s inner paradox could be understood through perspective thinking brought forth feelings of elation. 
Though, I had to make sure that these emotions, did not cloud my mind from what was truly important to me. 
The type of love I started to feel, I remember feeling when I was younger; it was pure and unconditional love, and while I recall its echo’s, I now felt it quite strongly. 
But, where did this energy come from? Tracing back, I realized that it was not until I had glimpsed the universe and myself being reflected within another, that these emotions began to stir within. 
While returning home from The Nexus, during the time in which I was traveling from there to here, I realized that until then I had been within a sort of a prism of mind. 
Although I now was in our reality, I still could feel that echoed presence of the mirroring experience. 
In fact, as I moved forward saw something which I could not explain through our physical laws. 
There was a building, with a purple heart, and a yellow heart. 
Now, for a split second, I let my thoughts self-indulge my ego. 
In that moment I had presumed that this experience, that this story, was just about me. 
I mean, If the purple was about my creative penguin, and the yellow was about my logical dolphin, then it meant that alone I was whole, and while I was, I also was not. 
It takes two to dance; this world was built for two, and life is only worth living if somebody is loving you. 
Sure, I felt a new sense of inner harmony, but I knew this feeling could not stay balanced forever, not alone. 
I’m no Superman, no one is, and no one can do it all alone. 
Around a year ago, when I saw the divine within another, that soul gave me not only a reason to live again, but also a reason to love again. 
Considering this, cause me to realized something; I realized that The Book, that was not the only anchoring spell I had cast. 
Last year, I was afraid that I would lose this glimpsed enlightenment, and that fear led me to anchoring all that realized love towards another. 
Doing this was selfish, it made me obsessive, and most importantly, it also was not fair to the other. 
We are people, we are not perfect, and allowing one to cast us this way is too bright, it is too loud, and it is too much pressure to put upon anyone. 
Extreme thinking like this is not the solution; harmony is something that exists within balance, and balance requires consistency, consideration, and openness. 
Extremes, those are more akin to crook-pot thinking; you can simply just set it and forget it. 
This approach is easier, but this approach is not right. 
Love and care require awareness, agileness, and compromise. 
Simply put, there is no automated approach to love and care, nor would we want there to be! Frankly, anchoring the power of love anything or anyone, If unchecked, can rapidly devolve into a love of power, which would negate everything that one stood for. 
Just as our inner hemispheres must take turn in their expression, so must this ring true for our outer world. 
I blinked rapidly as emotion struck me strongly; This emotion compelled me to speak towards the heart. 
I want you to know that I am so very sorry, I am sorry for putting you into an impossible situation. 
I am sorry for trying to hold so blindly strong when I was afraid to forget. 
The oddity, that was due to fear of regression, regression to whom I once was. 
Ironically, it was that same fear which almost caused its own self-fulfillment. 
I almost let something charmed become something I tarnished. 
Realizing now that I had spent way too much time, way too much time mesmerized by the appearance of these colourized hearts. 
I accepted something. 
Seeing hearts at all is what was important, certainly more-so than trying to decode something I did not know. 
I decided to refocus, and to call a cab because I, or perhaps rather the night, started to feel cold again. 
While I was in the taxi, I chatted with the driver about sports. 
He expressed how a local team had broken his heart. 
I empathized with him, though I also tried to communicate something. 
I tried to let him know that a broken heart would not heal if one kept pulling out the sutures. 
Healing requires belief, belief, not only in the self, but also belief in the world. 
I said to the cab driver, that sometimes we take two steps forward, just to take one step back. 
When is when the cab drivers said something which sent chills down my spine. 
He directly focused the topic towards the Ottawa Senators. 
Specifically, regarding Ryan Reynolds’s interest in the team’s success. 
This reached me because that familiar tune while travelling home,Regarding our everyday decision, and ones progress forward. 
For this was referenced from the new musical Spirited, featuring Ryan Reynolds. 
Oh Goodness, did he just speak a code to me? 
Yes, No, perhaps? Either way, I did not want to spook him, or myself by asking directly. 
Instead, I corrected myself, and referenced the material in which the inspiration was drawn. 
I feel that decision warbled reality into something warmer. 
For after this, after the taxi dropped me off, I recognized how cozy everything became. 
Not only the physical, the decor, the ambiance, but how things felt. 
Everything now else was full of heart, and everything felt of it true. 
I’ve been told that home is where the heart is, and I realized that I had not only been seeing hearts everywhere, but, I also could feel hear everywhere, and I could hear heart within every breath of every moment. 
Love was everywhere; Why did it take me so long to feel this; Why did it take so long for this to be realized. 
When I first entered the dark, I did not know what would become of me. 
You were my first light in the dark, you were the light which led to everything else. 
Thank-you for seeing my light while I was in the dark. 
Thank-you for believing in me when I had stopped believing in myself. 
While I may never be able to fully repay your kindness, I hope that this story will reach your world, and enlightens your Christmas as you once did mine. 
This is the season for Joy, this is the season of Christmas; and there is so much more in store. 
For Christmas Magic is there if you believe. 
Christmas Magic it’s so simple, I want you to see. 
Christmas Magic, it does belong to us all. 
Christmas Magic, feel it within your soul. 
Merry Christmas, From my universe to yours. 
