Unleashing Super Memory A guide to why memory gets fuzzy, and how it can become sharp again. Abstract: We were born with super memory, but sometimes in adulthood that gift fades. 
The first step for enhanced memory is to understand what it is, as memory is complex. 
Short Term and Long-Term memory are simplified term. 
Short term memory, functionally is now mostly referred to as working memory consisting of several parts such as: the phonological loop, the visuospatial sketchpad, the episodic buffer, and the central executive. 
Long term memory has two core parts: explicit and implicit. 
Explicit long-term memory then also consists of two types of memory components: semantic and episodic. 
Semantic memory is like stored trivia facts, whereas episodic memory is like stored experiences. 
Implicit Longterm memory again consists of two components: Procedural memory such as our skills, and Emotional Conditioning memory such as learnt emotional meaning to stimuli. 
It is important to understand how memory works so we can understand where we need to improve it. 
Memory enhancement techniques will be discussed such as mental snapshots, association, memory traces, the influence of physical exercise and diet, the importance of conversations, memory review, the importance of sleep, along with several more. 
Lastly, a summary of the techniques will be provided along with indications of which types of memory they improve. 
Memory Work Before we reach the understanding memory section, one topic should be discussed. 
Our body has mechanisms which allows us to forget, and this is good. 
For instance, if you remembered every spot, you have ever parked your car while visiting a common place that ‘memory interference’ may prevent clear recall of the important information. 
Clearly, we can see that sometimes forgetting is important, however, in traumatic times our bodies may learn a coping mechanism which affects the clarity of our memory. 
If we unconsciously repress (or consciously suppress) the painful memories, the clarity of our memories will become compromised. 
If unchecked this can become an automated behaviour leading to poor memory and gaps in history. 
Luckily this has a simple solution, though I forget what it is… Jokes aside, revisiting your past and gradually surfacing memories pushed from consciousness can help memory. 
A psychologist or psychiatrist can help guide you through this process. 
Also, you can enter a meditative state and think of a timeframe, while allowing your mind to freely wander. 
Acknowledge the thoughts and feelings which surface. 
Overtime this process can help unlock memories. 
However, recovered memories are usually abstract, which means our imagination might fill in the blanks resulting in false memories. 
The purpose of this exercise is about finding the emotion that was trapped during the repression (or conscious suppression), feeling it and releasing it. 
Once released it will no longer be able to influence your daily remembering. 
Understanding Memory The previous concepts of long term memory and short term memory are oversimplifications. 
When we understand a system thoroughly we are able to identify and resolve flaws in our thinking. 
In our complex memory system it is these flaws that result in poor memory. 
By resolving them you will not only think more clearly but you will also be able to remember more deeply. 
Having said this, all gifts are a double-edged sword. 
I encourage you to absorb this information and apply it gradually. 
You will need to find your balance between ordinary and extraordinary as you grow gradually towards your dreams. 
With that, Let’s Begin! A diagram of our memory system Working Memory (the functional part of short term memory) and Long Term Memory work in tandem via a feedback loop. 
New sensory information triggers recall from long term storage which is then processed in various ways to derive meaning and eventually the relevant information is stored back into long term storage. 
The above model is partially based on the experiments of a British psychologist known as Alan Baddeley. 
However, our current understanding is the result of many researchers all building upon and refining the work of those before them. 
We will visit these nodes to better understand them, and discuss how to improve each module or part. 
Of course, the whole is not the sum of its parts, so after we review the parts, we will discuss memory itself and how we can improve its total function. 
Wait, before we dive in, why is our memory system so complex? To answer this let us take moments look at how a computer’s memory works. 
A computer’s memory consists of a Hard Drive and RAM. 
The Hard Drive can store a lot of information but it is slow. 
RAM (Random Access Memory) is very quick but it has limited storage. 
Our long-term memory is similar to a hard drive, and our working memory is similar to RAM. 
Each system has its own limits, but together the complex system can create an experience that neither one could alone. 
Working Memory Working memory is made up of several modules, these are their specific modules: The Phonological Loop Module The phonological loop relates the serialized language part of our working memory, and it has two distinct parts. 
The phonological store is one of these parts and it is like a quick buffer of what you just heard. 
If you were told someone’s name, said it, then forgot it, this is because it resided in the phonological store, but never was rehearsed, or associated into long-term memory. 
The second part is our articulatory control process, or inner voice. 
When we repeat something in our ‘minds-ear’, or rehearse it we are making use of our articulatory control. 
This process serves to keep the information active within our phonological store. 
Potential Memory Issue: you instantly forget something after hearing itModule Solution: use your articulatory control to keep it active through rehearsal. 
Of course, this module alone will not give us good memory as the solution implies, we need to occupy part of our mind which means we no longer fully present. 
The Visuospatial Sketchpad Module The visuospatial sketchpad is very similar to the phonological loop, but in regard to the minds-eye. 
When we close our eyes and remember the locations of objects in a room we are using our visuospatial sketchpad. 
Similarly, during conversation, we can actively imagine what we are being told, often times we do this visually. 
This memory module allows us to paint or rather to imagine what we are told visually. 
All of these modules are muscular, and get stronger with active practice. 
The more you use your visual imagination the more vivid it will become. 
Potential Memory Issues: If you try to think about everything you are being told, you may reach a limit and start to forget details. 
Module Solution: Imagination based games that get us to visualize. 
Such as mental rotation where you are shown one image and several others will help. 
Programs like Luminosity help specific areas although skepticism does exist for applications like these. 
With mental rotation you are asked which image is a rotation of the other. 
Activities like these, engage our visuospatial sketchpad and help improve this memory module. 
The fact is, our working memory only has so much space. 
Language based expression may come naturally, but language is a ‘serialized form of thought’ which means it gets expanded and takes up a lot of space. 
They say a picture is worth a thousand words, so instead of holding a thousand words in your phonological loop module imaging a single picture allows you to make better use of your memory resources. 
The Episodic Buffer Module As you can see, the previous two modules work together. 
The phonological loop module focuses on spoken expression, and the visuospatial sketchpad focuses on visual expression. 
The episodic buffer is a relatively new realization in our memory model. 
It acts as a quick storage of our entire experience. 
This is like a backup of the moment that just occurred. 
A full sensory moment is a lot of information, so the episodic buffer must also act as a gateway to long term storage. 
Potential Memory Issue: You forget something that just occurred. 
Module Solutions: Since these modules all work together, one could use the visuospatial sketchpad or the phonological loop to keep aspects active in short-term working memory, but as seen with the previously they are only temporary solutions. 
Our brain is a network of connection, and the simplest way to send information from short term storage to your long-term storage is to associate it with something already in long-term storage. 
If you have a friend with the same name as a new person you met you could link associate them. 
Using your phonological loop, you could state how they are connected, and with your visuospatial sketchpad you could visualize how they are connected. 
This will be discussed further as we reach the long-term memory section. 
The Central Executive Module: This module is very important as it connects everything together. 
This is how you recall relevant information, how you organize your thoughts, and how you inhibit certain memories or actions which are not relevant to the focused task. 
Think of the central executive as the orchestrator, it guides the other modules so everything works together as a single seamless symphonthy. 
Disruptions in this module can cause issues with ones attention and ability to focus and process active information. 
Potential Memory Issues: You have trouble regulating your attention which disrupts what you remember. 
Perhaps you either jump between tasks and topics, or stay hyper focused on a single topic, in either case details are missed so those memories cannot be formed. 
Module Solution: Since this module relates to execution and action, it also relates to our reward system which guides our actions. 
In the case where your attention jumps between topics or tasks you are in a state of reward seeking. 
You jump topics or tasks because it causes excitement… for a moment. 
Similarly, if a task or topic create enough engagement you might start to hyper-focus. 
The solution is the same in both cases, and that is prioritization. 
You need to ask yourself, what is really important. 
Change your perspective from instant gratification to a perspective of fulfillment. 
Instant Gratification focuses on what you think you want now, whereas Fulfillment focuses you on what you really want. 
The former is fleeting, whereas the latter is lasting. 
To harness this module we must train ourselves, and this takes time. 
Remember, Excuses make today easier, but tomorrow harder. 
Discipline makes today harder, but tomorrow easier. 
Long-Term Memory 
Long-term memory is made up of several types of memory. 
They are types of memory as opposed to function modules as seen in the working memory section. 
While short-term working memory has storage limits, long term memory has no such known limits. 
Everything from what happened minutes, hours, days, weeks, and years ago are stored here in a more permanent fashion. 
That said, long term memories also have a strength factor associated to them. 
The stronger the memory the more easily they are recalled. 
For instance, your name would be a very strong memory, as you can answer that question without any effort, however, some other memories require more effort or recall technique to revive the information. 
This is not only true for facts, but also skills. 
Things you do often become stronger, just like how exercise strengthens our muscles as does exercise strengthen our memories. 
If you tie your show every day, you do not have to think about it, however when you first were learning you did. 
This brings us to the two long-term memory types, Explicit Memories and Implicit Memories. 
Explicit memories also known as declarative memories are memories that we think about, such as your name or your favourite movie. 
Implicit memories also known as non-declarative memories are memories that operate outside of our awareness. 
An example of this would be tying our shoes, or reaching for an object. 
We just do it, and event thinking about the steps involved is a bit tricky. 
Explicit Memories are expressed in serialized-language type thinking, where as implicit memories are expressed in such a parallel fashion that we often do not have the words to express what we are doing unless we really think about it. 
Ironically thought, many now implicit memories once were explicit. 
Think about tying your shoes for instance, we do it effortlessly now, but when we were younger we had to remember and think about every movement involved. 
As mentioned explicit memories are serialized in nature, and this means they take up more memory power. 
Once we learn a skill we no longer have to think about it as it happens automatically. 
Sometimes we call this ‘muscle memory’, muscle memory is a form of implicit memory; it is thinking without thinking. 
Since we have tied our shoes for years we are experts do not think about the steps. 
When we are beginners we think about every step. 
When we are somewhere between we only have to think about the steps when we error. 
If you are playing a musical instrument and have intermediate skill your mind may be quite quiet until you play a wrong note. 
Then the implicit memory gets explicitly analyzed so it can be improved and the error can be avoided in the future. 
With this, remember that although explicit memory and implicit memory are different types of memory they can be transcribed into each-others systems. 
Explicit Memory: Explicit memory consists of Episodic memory and Semantic Memory types. 
Episodic Memory Episodic memory are like recorded scenes. 
Although our memory does not work like a video camera we are able to reconstruct a prior ‘episode’ and mentally experience it like a film. 
This type of memory is very information rich and as such our emotions relate. 
This type of memory has so much information that serialized-language such has our speech cannot represent it. 
There is so much information we experience it, and our feelings are very important for its operation. 
Problems with our system of emotions, can interfere with the operation of our episodic memory. 
Even completely clear sighted there is so much information that our mind has to fill in the blanks. 
This is why eye-witness testimonials are not very accurate. 
Studies have shown that the fuzzy details can be influenced by the words we choose to use. 
In a study where participants saw an accident they were told either that the car hit into the wall, or smashed into the wall. 
Much later they were invited back to discuss what they saw, specifically they were asked if there was broken glass at the scene. 
The participants who were primed with the word ‘hit’ were less likely to report they saw glass, whereas the ones primed with he word ‘smashed’ were more likely to report broken glass. 
The conclusion of this is that our episodic memory is abstract, much like our emotions. 
There is a lot of information being represented but not all the details are present as such when we put it into serialized-language the details get filled in. 
Our episodic memory is very associated to our system of emotion. 
Emotions are like a million thoughts but with fuzzy details. 
Emotions not only inform our episodic memory, but what you are feeling when you remember an experience actually slightly changes the memory. 
Repressed or suppressed emotions can also block accurate recall of episodic memory. 
The more we can feel, the clearer our episodic memory will become. 
Memory Issue: an individual encounters gaps when they loop back to periods of their life. 
They either forget scenes, or remember scenes incorrectly. 
Memory Solution - Recall: Elicit Emotion via Sensory Association! Of all of our senses the sense of smell is the strongest sense that can evoke an emotion. 
The brain is a network of information, and if some information is locked, it often can be accessed through another route. 
If you are having trouble remembering finding a way to recall some sensory detail can lead to an emotion that grows. 
Eventually the emotions have enough information to inform the entire memory. 
Memory Solution - Rehearsal: Difficulty with episodic memories from a psychological perspective often relate to emotion. 
Emotions help us store and recall complex information with accuracy. 
However, as discussed memories can be strengthened through techniques. 
Simply re-living your day before you go to sleep can help strengthen the memories. 
Memories are delicate though, and while this technique will help, it can allow your emotions during the rehearsal to affect the memories themselves. 
In both cases, episodic memory is not something you could write down like a fact. 
To prevent the information from becoming overwhelming it becomes abstracted. 
Another form of abstracted information is our emotions. 
Our emotional system is very important in remember detailed memories. 
While complex, emotions still are messages, and they just want to be acknowledged. 
It is important to feel not only the pleasure and good, but also the pain and bad. 
Blocking the bad painful parts will lead to issues with this type of memory. 
Also, emotions you resist persist, and get louder. 
Dealing with what you feel as you feel it can help the emotion from getting overwhelmingly loud. 
Memory work to unlock emotions is a gradual process, but it is perhaps the most important think you can do to improve your episodic memory. 
Semantic MemorySemantic memories are like remembered facts. 
When we recall information it is a speech like language thought that comes to mind. 
We hear the answer in our inner voice, which means the information is serialized, one detail after another. 
When you feel with clarity, and think with clarity you remember with clarity. 
