So, it is 2023, and our economy is pretty messed up, which is a pretty big understatement! 
Post Pandemic, 
COViD-19 led to two new epidemics:
Inflation22, and Debt23. 
It has gotten so bad that that,
Breakfast at Timmy’s and Lunch at McDonalds together costs about $50. 
So, we now spend a work-weeks worth of income in about a day. 
It’s not just food either, gas prices are so bad that the sign now just says, an arm and a leg. 
Rent is worse, it now costs one organ of choice for one month of rent. 
Kidneys, Livers, Spleens and Pancreases are all now accepted. 
Which is making me nervous because I’m running out of organs. 
At least each month, and when I fill up, I know my scale will say that I’ve lost weight. 
I am a software developer, but that rare breed, the illusive very social variety. 
And, I think most of you will agree that bugs suck, especially the physical type. 
Well, except for spiders.
I’m always hoping that they will give me super powers. 
Other than spiders, there is one type of bug that perhaps is the worst. 
I can’t even name them, like Voldemort, they are the bugs that shall not be named. 
They hide in the day, 
and drink your blood at night! 
What I don’t get, is why they so scary when mosquitoes are not. 
All this inflation had led me to quite a bit of debt. 
I figured, spend my life savings while things were still inexpensive, and spending my credit on GameStop and Bitcoin was a good idea. 
It might still pay off, I say, as each month I sacrifice more and more organs. 
Maybe I should have saved conservatively, instead of spending liberally! 
Being both smart and stupid at the same time is very frustrating. 
Like, at work, we have a morning meeting called standup.  
It seemed like a good place for standup comedy.  
Another big mistake. 
Why can’t life have some FORE-warning system like in golf? 
About to bring in some furniture your neighbours threw out, you hear fore. 
About to borrow money for GameStop, you hear fore. 
About to make a joke in standup that uses the word for a cosmetic treatment, you hear fore, fore, FORE! 
Talk about a sensitive society, 
the only thing more sensitive is perhaps my fragile ego. 
If you got offended, it was your mind that was dirty. 
I just wanted to give a desert and a beauty treatment. 
I guess Ambiguity is like a Rorschach inkblot test. Tell me about yourself, by saying what you see. 
I feel like everything goes to an extreme.
I mean I’m a bit of an extremist myself. 
Oh shoot, that is another sensitive word, isn’t it. 
I mean to say that I have trouble with moderation. 
Either spend or save, be afraid of the virus or pretend it doesn’t exist, be offensive or walk on so many eggshells that you have to overthink every word you say. 
Being on thin-ice is terrifying, especially during a summer heat-wave. 
But, it’s not just me, look at the food and drinks that are sold. 
You either get a week’s worth of sugar in a soda or no sugar at all. 
Way too many carbs and fat, or none at all. 
Where is the balance. 
The world didn’t end, but it sure is on fire.
No, it is literally on fire!
The temperature also has gone extreme, and everyone is upset except for one creature. 
Pengu the Penguin! 
I saw him smiling the other day, and asked why. 
He said he way happy that his igloo finally has running water noot noot. 
What a dude.
It’s also ironically very humid.
It’s so humid I’ve seen water glasses auto-fill themselves when empty.
Short sightedness comes in many forms, and it seems we are getting more blind.
Like, there use to be 7 basic colours in the rainbow, but now there are six.
What the hell happened to indigo.
Can we not see it anymore?
I don’t know about you, but I want indigo back! 
The good ol’ days of bluish purple Nostalgia.
They saw we romanticize the past, remembering it in an ideal light, but I remember when a whole combo was five dollars, when you didn’t need surgery to pay for gas and rent, and perhaps most importantly, I remember indigo! 
As soon as we stopped perceiving indigo, everything went to shit. 
They can take our organs, they can make us all walk on egg shells, but the line is drawn when they take a colour. 
Perhaps, if the line wasn’t drawn in indigo, more people would see it. 
