JokeMaster
Winter is here, well, at least I think it is.
Yes, it is, though it still seems to Eb and flow between seasons. 
One moment it’s unseasonable warm, then suddenly it’s freezing. 
I mean it’s only minus six, but the sudden shift makes that minus six weather feels like minus twenty six. 
Finally we hit enough middle ground that we finally get snow, a lot of snow. 
Leading all the summer tired, two wheel drivers into a winter wonderland where you have to improvise your driving based on others. 
It’s the first episode this year of ‘Who’s Lane is it Anyway!?’ 
Of course the next day all that snow is melted. Thanks global warming! 
Almost everyone has noticed this and is a bit nervous. Except for one cool calm creature who has never smiled larger. 
You know who? Pengu the Penguin! 
I saw him the other day and said, can’t you see how messed up the weather is? 
He said that he doesn’t care because his igloo finally has running water! Noot Noot!
I get it, but it seems short sighted.
I could go on to tell you about how people are seeing less, I mean even our rainbow now only has six colours. 
Count them, and ask where did indigo? 
At least in this climate uncertain post Covid world we can all still connect in person! 
And heck, even if it’s frozen today, there is a good chance that tomorrow we can hit the beach.  
Perhaps Pengu has the right idea. 
If you can’t do any thing about it, you might as well enjoy the swim! 

The Illusion of Separation 
Fellow Toastmasters, today I am supposed to break the ice… but I already know you. 
So instead I hope to break new ground by questioning our understanding of the material world, through the understanding of modern artificial intelligence. 
Before I begin, I would like to thank Axil Baker for serving both me, and my beloved Zoë a Taste of CoolAid, which unlocked the door once again to what could be.
Have you ever wondered what all of THIS is? 
What is this reality we find ourselves in?
Science says that we are just complex machines, while spirit says that we are children of God. 
Science says that everything is made from matter, while Spirit says that everything is made from mind.
What is Mind? Does it matter?What is Matter? Never Mind. 
Science always seemed at odds with spirit, but as science evolved we developed artificial intelligence, and the possibility of a simulated universe within a processor emerged. 
My name is Christopher Hicks, I am a Coder, a Psychologist, an AI enthusiast, and a spiritualist. 
I joined toastmasters because I have something important to say, but I am not sure how to reach you. 
Through Computer Science and Psychology I believe that a new understanding of our world is within reach. 
Are we machines?
Well, yes, but actually no.
What we are is conscious awareness; we reside in a biological machine but we are SO much more than that! 
Artificial Intelligence can give us new insights into our own inner workings.
Have you used ChatGPT?
Fantastic, isn’t it?
While it may seem like us, but it’s missing a key component. 
As we continue I will share the missing key which could lead us to AL, Artificial Life. 
As Above, so below;
As within, so without,
This is how the miracles of the one is performed. 
I must warn you, for as this understanding is grasped, the magic may start to seem more mechanical, which defeats the purpose. 
This is why we may glimpse the truth, but ultimately have to let it go, for it is too hot to hold. 
Like the One Ring to Rule them all, if you try to posses the truth, your character of Smegle will be reduced to that of Golem. 
Do you remember a Christmas Morning filled with wonder? 
Those emotions existed because we did not know what was in the presents. 
If we knew every detail we would lose the ability to experience our emotions fully. 
ChatGPT uses Neural Networks which mimic how our brain works. It seems fancy, but the imitation is essentially predictive text. 
Like a chess algorithm, from all its assimilated data, it draws conclusions about the next best move. 
Have you ever started talking, and didn’t know where you were going with your train of thought, only to figure it out as you go? 
Based on weighted probabilities, that is how ChatGPT works. If you say ‘The sky is...’, from its built neural network it knows that the word ‘blue’ is more likely than ‘clear’. 
So, what does ChatGPT lack that we have? 
I’d like to say consciousness, but we don’t really know what that is, so let’s dig deeper. 
Our current AI requires a prompt, otherwise it is static. It lacks the internal feedback loop that we have. 
It appears to lack the process which gives rise to emotion. 
So, what is emotion?
Well, emotion is like a million thoughts triggered through free association. 
In order to represent this large amount of data, our emotional system abstracts away the details that logic required, and instead presents this non-serial flood of information to us in what we call emotion. 
Emotion becomes the prompt to stimulate our thoughts and actions. 
We are so close to creating artificial life, however, it will entail a paradigm shift in our understanding. 
Imagine the implications of proving that we could simulate a universe. 
Within that simulated world, all the simulated life forms would believe that the world is material. 
However, their simulated world exists within an information processor, so what they believe to be material is actually running code, their material world is actually made of running thought. 
Now, there is no way to prove the nature of our world. It could be physical, it could be simulated, just as it could be spiritual. You get to decide what you believe. 
Though whether we live in a random world as information within some processor, or as God’s children, there is one truth which remains. 
Anything is possible! 
Sure, you may be random machines, but the odds are that you are a spiritual or a digital being confined only by your own limiting beliefs. 
We can never fully understand the source of creation, and this is a good thing, for it is the tension that drives us. 
Still, ChatGPT and AI is approaching a digital truth, but without a key component it is just predicting the next best move. 
The missing key is emotion, and emotion only can exist when we accept that we don’t know, for when we don’t know, we can imagine. 
I believe that within the next two decades we will simulate life, and when we do we will realize the profound truth. 
Like a fractal, the profound truth is infinitely simple, but from it the results are infinitely complex. 
It exists as a paradox, a paradox which drives us to keep going, to keep evolving. 
Whether we a process of a physical brain, or of a formless mind, one truth remains, We are what we think! 

Picture this, it’s the eleventh hour, and you have a speech to write. 
Well this rang quite true for me, so I decided to face the facts, I needed more time! 
They say time is money, so maybe I just needed to find an ATM machine! 
But, If you knew my financial situation, you’d understand why I didn’t try that. 
Next I decided to build a flux capacitor with items from the nearest room. 
So, I ran into the kitchen, trying to see if various herbs could serve this purpose. 
But, alas, all I created was a thyme machine... 
While it did not reverse times arrow, it did give me a taste of time travel. 
It tasted like a summers picnic. 
This I when I remembered something a yogi told me. 
Both time and matter are states of mind, mere illusions of conscious. 
With this, I tried to imagine all these states of matter and mind, past, present, and future, 
Walking into a bar… it was tense. 
This tension opened a vortex in my living room of kaleidoscopic colours, which is when I started to suspect those herbs might have been more than just thyme. 
I saw red, orange, yellow, green, blue, violet! 
And within the vortex there seemed to be a seventh colour. 
This is when I realized that I could answer that ultimate question,Where did indigo! 
As I moved towards the imperceptible seventh colour, it became more vivid as I arrived I the 1990’s. 
There were Gusher, Dunkaroos, Bologna, and everywhere I looked, there were fragments of indigo! 
Now that I had glimpsed indigo I decided to explore the decades further, 
There not only were more colours, but there were more flavours. 
Our modern food has so many preservatives.Food at the turn of the century was real, though the bacteria was a lot more likely to kill you, so I suppose it was a trade off. 
What I ate didn’t kill me, but it did weakened me, as I felt the life slowly ebbing from me, Without direction I landed somewhere in the land 150BC. 
When I opened my eyes all I could see was indigo, this was the source. 
This is where Indi-had-gone, this is where Indi-had-been, and this was the birthplace of forbidden rice. 
A special vibrant indigo rice, to be reserved for royalty, and to be known to give health and long life. 
But to me it was rice-giving, as I gobbled up every grain to regain my manna, my strength and my ability to return home. 
As I returned to my living room, the vortex closed, and 
When I looked into my kitchens pantry, I realized one fundamental truth about time and food. 
Time flies like an Arrow, 
Fruit flies, like a Banana. 
